Clarify correct way to find kafkfa ID in the Prometheus prerequisites (#662)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/kafka/metrics-monitoring-kafka/README.adoc

This procedure follows the https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#configuration-file[Configuration File^] method defined by Prometheus for integrating third-party metrics. If you use the Prometheus Operator in your monitoring environment, you can also follow the https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/Documentation/additional-scrape-config.md#additional-scrape-configuration[Additional Scrape Configuration^] method.

.Prerequisites
* You've access to a running Kafka instance that contains topics in {product-kafka}. For more information about access management in {product-kafka}, see {base-url}{access-mgmt-url-kafka}[Managing account access in {product-long-kafka}^].

> * You've the ID and the SASL/OAUTHBEARER token endpoint for the Kafka instance. To relocate the Kafka instance ID and the token endpoint, select your Kafka instance in the {product-kafka} web console, select the options menu (three vertical dots) and click: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You've the ID and the SASL/OAUTHBEARER token endpoint for the Kafka instance. To locate the Kafka instance ID and the token endpoint, select your Kafka instance in the {product-kafka} web console, select the options menu (three vertical dots) and click: 
```

> * You've the ID and the SASL/OAUTHBEARER token endpoint for the Kafka instance. To relocate the Kafka instance ID and the token endpoint, select your Kafka instance in the {product-kafka} web console, select the options menu (three vertical dots) and click: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You have the ID and the SASL/OAUTHBEARER token endpoint for the Kafka instance. To relocate the Kafka instance ID and the token endpoint, select your Kafka instance in the {product-kafka} web console, select the options menu (three vertical dots) and click: 
```

** *Details* to locate the ID which is the ID of the Kafka instance.

> ** *Connection* tab to locate the SASL/OAUTHBEARER Token endpoint URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** *Connection* tab to locate the SASL/OAUTHBEARER token endpoint URL.
```

Author: @AedinC I used upper case "T" for token because that is the way it appears in the UI

> * You've the generated credentials for your service account that has access to the Kafka instance. To reset the credentials, use the {service-accounts-url}[Service Accounts^] page in the *Application Services* section of the Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You have the generated credentials for your service account that has access to the Kafka instance. To reset the credentials, use the {service-accounts-url}[Service Accounts^] page in the *Application Services* section of the Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console.
```
